6.7.0: Check subdues (#3771)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.7/operations/maintain-sensu/migrate.md

### Subdue

> Sensu Go checks include a `subdues` attribute that allows you to set specific periods of time when Sensu will not send alerts based on the events the check produces.

Author: ```suggestion
Sensu Go checks include a `subdues` attribute that allows you to set specific periods of time when Sensu will not execute the check.
```
